I agree and consent to the following:

I am voluntarily participating in an exercise/dance program conducted by Adam Hanna Ballroom Dance. I recognize that this requires physical exertion that may be strenuous at times and may cause physical injury and I am fully aware of the risks and hazards involved.

I understand that it is my responsibility to consult with a physician prior to and regarding my participation in the above mentioned program. I represent and warrant that I have no medical condition that would prevent my participation in the program.

I agree to assume full responsibility for any risks, injuries, or damage known or unknown which I might incur as a result of participating in the program. Such injuries may include but are not limited to, heart attacks, muscle strains, muscle pulls, muscle tears, broken bones, shin splints, heat prostration, injury to knees, backs, feet or any other illness or soreness including death.

I knowingly, voluntarily, and expressly waive any claim I have against Adam Hanna Ballroom Dance or whichever facility the event takes place in for any injury or damages that I may sustain as a result of participating in the program.

I, my heirs or representatives, forever release, waive, discharge, and covenant not to sue Adam Hanna Ballroom Dance for any injury or death caused by their negligence or other acts.

I have read the above waiver and release of liability and fully understand its contents. I voluntarily agree to the terms and conditions stated above.

*If participant is under the age of 18, they must have the consent of a parent or guardian who will also read, understand and agree to the above terms. The parent or guardian must then sign and assume responsibility for the above terms. I, as parent or legal guardian of the above participant, hereby understand, agree to, and assume responsibility for the above terms.

From time to time, photographs and/or video of Adam Hanna Ballroom Dance classes or events may be taken and used for marketing and other promotional materials.